Alerting docs: Update Timing Options (#89036)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/fundamentals/notifications/group-alert-notifications.md

## Timing options

> In the notification policy, you can also configure how often notifications are sent for each [group of alerts](#group-notifications). There are three distinct timers applied to all the resulting groups within the notification policy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the notification policy, you can also configure how often notifications are sent for each [group of alerts](#group-notifications). There are three distinct timers applied to groups within the notification policy:
```

- **[Group wait](#group-wait)**: the time to wait before sending the first notification for a new group of alerts.
- **[Group interval](#group-interval)**: the time to wait before sending a notification about changes in the alert group.
- **[Repeat interval](#repeat-interval)**: the time to wait before sending a notification if the group has not changed since the last notification.

> These timers introduce delays in delivering notifications, enabling the grouping of incoming alerts into one notification to reduce the number of notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These timers reduce the number of notifications sent. By delaying the delivery of notifications, incoming alerts can be grouped into just one notification instead of many.
```

> {{< figure src="/media/docs/alerting/alerting-timing-options-flowchart-v2.png" max-width="750px" alt="A basic sequence diagram of the the notification policy timers" caption="A basic sequence diagram of the notification policy timers" >}}

Reviewer: need alt text for the image :)

Author: @brendamuir, the `alt` is currently the same than the `caption`, is this ok or you want something different?

Reviewer: {{< figure alt="Alt text"  src="/media/<path-to-image/image-file.png>" >}}

Author: @brendamuir, it's already included: `alt="A basic sequence diagram of the the notification policy timers" `.

Reviewer: lgtm - would def get a dev read through as well

<!--
flowchart LR
    A((First alert)) -///-> B
    B[Group wait <br/>  notification] -///-> C
    B -- no changes -///-> D
    C[Group interval <br/>  notification] -- no changes -///-> D
    C -- group changes -///-> C
    D[Repeat interval <br/>  notification]
-->

### Group wait

**Default**: 30 seconds

Group wait is the duration Grafana waits before sending the first notification for a new group of alerts.

> The longer the Group wait, the more time other alerts have to be included in the initial notification of the new group. The shorter the Group wait, the earlier the first notification is sent, but at the risk of not including some alerts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The longer the group wait, the more time other alerts have to be included in the initial notification of the new group. The shorter the group wait, the earlier the first notification is sent, but at the risk of not including some alerts.
```

| 00:10              | `alert_name=f2` `team=frontend` | `frontend`                | 2                   |                                                                         |
| 00:20              | `alert_name=b1` `team=backend`  | `backend`                 | 1                   | Starts the group wait timer of the `backend` group.                     |
| 00:30<sup>\*</sup> |                                 | `frontend`                | 2                   | Group wait elapsed. <br/> Send initial notification reporting 2 alerts. |
| 00:35              | `alert_name=b2` `team=backend`  | `backend`                 | 2                   |                                                                         |
| 00:40              | `alert_name=b3` `team=backend`  | `backend`                 | 3                   |                                                                         |
| 00:50<sup>\*</sup> |                                 | `backend`                 | 3                   | Group wait elapsed. <br/> Send initial notification reporting 3 alerts. |

### Group interval

**Default**: 5 minutes

> If an alert was late to be included in the first notification due to Group wait, it's then included in subsequent notifications after Group interval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an alert was too late to be included in the first notification due to group wait, it is included in subsequent notifications after group interval.
```

| 05:30<sup>\*</sup> |                                 | `frontend`                | 4                   | Group interval elapsed and resets timer. <br/> Send one notification reporting 4 alerts.       |
| 05:50<sup>\*</sup> |                                 | `backend`                 | 3                   | Group interval elapsed and resets timer. <br/> No group changes, and do not send notification. |
| 08:00              | `alert_name=f4` `team=backend`  | `backend`                 | 4                   |                                                                                                |
| 10:30<sup>\*</sup> |                                 | `frontend`                | 4                   | Group interval elapsed and resets timer. <br/> No group changes, and do not send notification. |
| 10:50<sup>\*</sup> |                                 | `backend`                 | 4                   | Group interval elapsed and resets timer. <br/> Send one notification reporting 4 alerts.       |

**How it works**

> Once the first notification has been sent for a new group of alerts, the Group interval timer starts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the first notification has been sent for a new group of alerts, the group interval timer starts.
```

> When the Group interval timer elapsed, the system resets the Group interval timer and sends a notification only if there were group changes. This process repeats until there are no more alerts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the group interval timer elapses, the system resets the group interval timer and sends a notification only if there were group changes. This process repeats until there are no more alerts.
```

> It's important to note that an alert instance exits the group after being resolved and notified of its state change. When no alerts remain, the group is deleted, and then the Group wait timer handles the first notification for the next incoming alert once again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's important to note that an alert instance exits the group after being resolved and notified of its state change. When no alerts remain, the group is deleted, and then the group wait timer handles the first notification for the next incoming alert once again.
```

### Repeat interval

**Default**: 4 hours

Repeat interval acts as a reminder that alerts in the group are still firing.

> The Repeat interval timer decides how often notifications are sent (or repeated) if the group has not changed since the last notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repeat interval timer decides how often notifications are sent (or repeated) if the group has not changed since the last notification.
```

**How it works**

> Repeat interval is evaluated every time the Group interval resets. If the alert group has not changed and the time since the last notification was longer than the repeat interval, then a notification is sent to remind the alerts are still firing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Repeat interval is evaluated every time the group interval resets. If the alert group has not changed and the time since the last notification was longer than the repeat interval, then a notification is sent as a reminder that the alerts are still firing.
```

> Repeat interval must not only be greater than or equal to Group interval, but also must be a multiple of Group interval. If Repeat interval is not a multiple of Group interval it is coerced into one. For example, if your Group interval is 5 minutes, and your Repeat interval is 9 minutes, the Repeat interval is rounded up to the nearest multiple of 5 which is 10 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Repeat interval must not only be greater than or equal to group interval, but also must be a multiple of Group interval. If Repeat interval is not a multiple of group interval it is coerced into one. For example, if your Group interval is 5 minutes, and your Repeat interval is 9 minutes, the Repeat interval is rounded up to the nearest multiple of 5 which is 10 minutes.
```

Reviewer: so i'm taking out caps for all ui elements. i think either we bold them as ui elements or we take out the caps.

Reviewer: not sure what you mean by "coerced" here?

**Example**

> Here are the related moments in the previous example:

Reviewer: I think better would be Here is an example.

Author: @brendamuir, can we try something else? 

Here the table refers to the previous example but it only lists the relevant/related events and skips the rest.

Reviewer: Here are the related excerpts from the previous example.

Author: addressed by https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/89036/commits/ca4ee4ab6427483d87a812546f8f25f699c3c050
